Requirement of the invoicing sample rate (#43)
appuio/appuio-io-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/quality-requirements/functional/sampelrate-for-invoicing.adoc

> = Minimal sample rate for invoicing

Reviewer: Probably same title as nav menu item?
```suggestion
= Sampling interval for invoicing
```

Source::
Invoicing adapter

Stimulus::
Calculate invoice

Environment::
{global}

Artifact::
Metric storage for invoicing

> Response::
> A time series of usage metrics
> 
> Response measure::
> One sample per minute
> 
> Rationale::
> The scrape interval of Prometheus is only an approximate number.
> Depending on the system load, scrapes can be delayed.
> This is important because the smallest unit of interest for invoicing is a Minute.
> With a scrape interval of 60s, a scrape might happen 63s later than the previous one.
> If that happens, we miss a sample.
> Ideally a scrape interval smaller than 60s is used.
> This should guarantee the one sample per minute.
> Downsampling of two or more samples is done using the statistical mean.

Reviewer: I had an idea to reword it a bit to separate the implementation ideas.
```suggestion
Response::
A time series of usage metrics

Response measure::
At least one sample per minute

Rationale::
The smallest resolution an invoicing adapter can expect is one sample per minute.
Ideally a scrape interval smaller than 60s is used.
This should guarantee the one sample per minute.
Downsampling of two or more samples is done using the statistical mean.

[TIP]
====
The scrape interval of Prometheus is only an approximate number.
Depending on the system load, scrapes can be delayed.
With a scrape interval of 60s, a scrape might happen 63s later than the previous one.
If that happens, we miss a sample.
====
```
